all right my name
Daniil game director on Batman Arkham
Asylum today I'll be demoing one of the
challenge mode maps to give you just a
small taster for the invisible predator
gameplay and Batman let's start with
looking at what is predator gameplay no
one deep inside Arkham Asylum Batman is
faced with insurmountable odds the place
is full of Joker's henchmen chiptune
from Blackgate and they're armed and
ready for him and as we all know Batman
is not superhuman they know you're
coming but they don't know where or how
so predator gameplay is all about using
Batman's advantages the intelligence
sees agility as gadgets and his ability
to plan and prepare before striking so
here we have Joker's henchmen all grip
tightly together and I need to figure
out a way to break them up and get them
moving around the level so I'll drop
down here behind this weak wall and use
my explosive gel to set a trap I can
explode the gel and use the debris from
the wall to knock out the henchmen
behind it I can move up here around the
vantage points around the top of the
room I look back down at where I laid
charged before and then detonate the
charge and incapacitated him from behind
the wall
what you can see immediately happened if
the thugs dynamically react to this I
found someone obviously the first time
that gets to the dam board he calls over
his buddies and they set up a perimeter
come on break up what we're gonna see
here is an example of the dynamic
gameplay they're going to start
searching for me around the room I don't
know where I am I could be anywhere
there was no set patrol paths for the
thugs and every time you play the game
it's different so even me demo in the
game for you I have no idea what's going
to happen I'm using Detective Mode to
hunt down isolated henchmen and one good
strategic tip here is it's much easier
for the henchman to jump down than it is
for them to climb up so if you see this
henchman on the upper walkway here he's
managed to lose himself from the other
guys I can pick him off without any
other henchmen being able to get to be
quick enough before I can make my escape
so I'm just checking out where the other
henchmen are to make sure there's room
enough for needs take him down and I'll
use the Batarang here to knock him down
I'm going to go for a head shot because
a head shot is going to stand in for
longer but after I've hit him I still
need to go down there and finish the job
after incapacitation so I'll glide down
drop on him
former ground takedown and then quickly
grab up to a gargoyle to make my escape
now I've managed to take this guy down
without attracting any attention The
Joker's fitted all of his bugs with the
suicide clasp Joker's using these to
identify when I knock out any of these
bugs so he can direct the other thugs to
them so you can see the other thugs have
been attracted out to the body and
there's one calling out for the other
thugs to establish a perimeter around it
now what I'm actually found here is the
challenge mode and the challenge mode
has a number of specific takedowns that
you need to try and achieve two of those
takedowns were a Batarang takedown and
using the debris from a wall you can see
the white that's under the time
signifying the fact I've already done
those two takedowns
I have a third takedown to do which is a
silent takedown so hiding under these
grates you can see the camera stays up
outside the grate and allows me to track
people moving up above and I'm going to
use this to take down this thug here
just a quick look around there to make
sure no one else is around and groups
and as he moves past to come up behind
him and take him down silently
so up till here you seen I've been quite
patient with the different takedowns
I've used but you can be more aggressive
that's totally your choice let's try
more aggressive takedown here there's a
few less of them around so I can be a
little bit more confident in the
different tactics I'll use so I'll try
glide takedown here on this guy we've
responded to the ground tape and I've
done there so he's on his way there you
can see the bat icon above his head it
signifies you didn't range for the glide
kick I'll just check no one else is
around and then I can drop down look
into the ground that'll only standing
for a while so I need to move up and
finish him off and then again grapple
back up now as that's a very noisy
takedown the glide think it's going to
attract people very quickly to it so it
is a dangerous tactic to use but it's
also a very effective tactic to use so
now we're down to just a couple of
henchmen laughing and when they realize
that you'll see their behavior starts to
change as well as they become more and
more terrified so again Joker's ordering
his henchmen around but you'll see that
they start to become more and more
nervous to follow his orders the
henchmen there's gone out the second
henchman isn't so keen to follow behind
him and this again is not something
that's always predictable but the way
their behavior changes as you play
through means you constantly have to
adapt your tactics
what are you doing to need help you're
on your own man Rosen Jane
so as I get more and more terrified the
thugs lose their discipline this does
make them harder to track down because
they move back and forward but let's see
what happens when I drop right in on him
here I can still use all the combat
tactics in the main gang and finish them
off with a nice combo takedown and again
the noise from this is going to attract
another thug but even on the ground
level Batman can use cover using this
corner cover here Batarang with Reggie
doesn't even know I'm there and then go
round and finish them off so I hope you
enjoyed this brief look at just a few of
the invisible predator features in
Batman Arkham Asylum wow that I really
haven't had fun you down
you